	This will eventually be a readme file. For now, just a list of notes.

	Freesweep is licensed under the GNU GPL, version 2 or above. See
the file COPYING, or hit 'g' while playing the game to see it. The code
is copyright Gus Hartmann and Peter Keller.

	We need to have some sort of standard header in all the files
the mentions the copyright and GNU GPL.

	Bugs should be mailed to sweep@cs.wisc.edu, if it works, or
hartmann@cs.wisc.edu otherwise.

	If no file locking mechanism is found, group-writable best times
will be disabled.

	The -s command line option will save any settings passed on the
command line. This will occur even if the user selects against saving
settings in the interactive setup. Use of -s without -f is discouraged.

	Old preference file formats are supported by converting them to the
new format and deleting the previous version.

	While the game is playable on any terminal supported by curses/ncurses,
the help and high scores windows are designed to use a screen 80 columns wide.

	The use of the -d option overrides all other options.

	On most X keymaps, both the left arrow and the down arrow don't
work, reporting "Unknown keystroke." Unfortunately, somehow this leaves an
extra 'o' lying around, leading to a saved game getting loaded. Really
fucking bizarre- Sun's curses doesn't have the arrows-under-X problem.

	There should be a stats window, under the info win, on the right
side of the screen, with the elapsed game time, the number of mines marked,
and the total number of mines, and your current location in the board.

Fix up the error condition for what happens when you can't write to the
best times file and shit. Just quitting doesn't seem to good.
Also, fix the creation permissions of the group file. Like either the client
can make a new one with 666 perms, or the installer makes one with the
correct permissions.

See if purify bitches about what I wrote with the reconfig shit.

See what purify is bitching about in the load/save game code.

Sun's curses doesn't do standout() correctly on a Linux term.
